Add 11.37 release notes (#543)
mondoohq/docs: releases/2025-01-14-mondoo-11.37-is-out.md

---
slug: mondoo-11.37-is-out/
title: Mondoo 11.37 is out!
description: Announcing the 11.37 release of Mondoo with workspace creation from tags/labels and Mondoo annotations, plus a whole lot more!
authors: [tim]
image: /img/releases/2025-01-14-mondoo-11.37-is-out/tags.png
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

## 🥳 Mondoo 11.37 is out! This release includes workspace creation from tags/labels and Mondoo annotations, plus a whole lot more!

Get this release: [Installation Docs](https://mondoo.com/docs/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/cnspec/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/cnspec)

---

## 🎉 NEW FEATURES

### Create workspaces from labels/tags and annotations

> Create the perfect workspace for exploring assets in your infrastructure with new filtering capabilities in workspaces. Now you can create assets that match labels or tags like `environment:production` or Mondoo annotations you set yourself like `priority:high`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the perfect workspace for exploring assets in your infrastructure with new filtering capabilities. Now you can create a workspace that includes or excludes all assets that match certain labels or tags, such as `environment:production`, or Mondoo annotations you set, such as `priority:high`.
```

Create a workspace of production cloud assets:

> ![Workspaces selection using cloud tags](/img/releases/2025-01-14-mondoo-11.37-is-out/tags.png)

Reviewer: nice

> Create a workspace of assets you've annotated as high priority:

Reviewer: Nice way to use screenshots to do the talking for you. 👍

![Workspaces selection using Mondoo annotations](/img/releases/2025-01-14-mondoo-11.37-is-out/annotations.png)

## 🧹 IMPROVEMENTS

### Quickly find integrations

> Find the right integration with less scrolling. The add integration page now supports search based on integration categories in addition to integration names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the right integration with less scrolling. The Add Integration page now supports search based on integration categories in addition to integration names.
```

![Integration filtering with a category](/img/releases/2025-01-14-mondoo-11.37-is-out/integration_filtering.png)

### Improved asset overview information

> Dive into asset configuration with new first scan time and last scan data as well as easy copying of asset values with new copy buttons when you hover over any value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dive into asset configuration with new first and last scan time data. Plus, now you can easily copy asset information: When you hover over any value, you see the option to copy the data to your clipboard.
```

![Asset overview](/img/releases/2025-01-14-mondoo-11.37-is-out/asset.png)

### Resource updates

#### aws.iam.instanceProfile

- Deprecate `createDate` in favor of a new `createdAt` field

#### aws.iam.policy

- Deprecate `createDate` in favor of a new `createdAt` field

#### aws.iam.policyversion

- Deprecate `createDate` in favor of a new `createdAt` field

#### aws.iam.role

- Deprecate `createDate` in favor of a new `createdAt` field

#### aws.iam.user

- Deprecate `createDate` in favor of a new `createdAt` field

#### aws.iam.usercredentialreportentry

- Deprecate `createDate` in favor of a new `createdAt` field

#### gcp.project.storageservice.bucket

- New `encryption` field

#### macos.alf

- Support macOS Sequoia (15) assets

## 🐛 BUG FIXES AND UPDATES

- Categorize Nmap assets as "Domains and Hosts" on the Assets page.
- Fix an `invalid reporting job` error when running certain policies.
- Fix display of score boxes on CVE and Advisory pages.
- Show assets link on AWS integrations.
- Allow creating workspaces with the asset kind value of "Virtual Machine".
- Improve reliability of some CIS/BSI Windows policy checks on non-English systems.

> - Improve fetching of available AWS regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve fetching available AWS regions.
```

> - Allow organizations and spaces IDs to start with a number and be up to 50 characters in length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow organization and space IDs to start with a number and be up to 50 characters in length.
```

- Expand CVE and advisory detection on Windows 2025 hosts.

> - Fix user check failures on Windows when a domain user had not locally logged in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix user check failures on Windows when a domain user has not locally logged in.
```

- Fix the risk rating order in the check overview tile on asset pages.

> - Update the EOL date for Amazon Linux 2023 to the new extended June 30th, 2029 date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the EOL date for Amazon Linux 2023 to the extended June 30th, 2029 date.
```
